E_Errors.txt

Common Errors in demo segment submissions.

This list has been compiled from our experience of three years of demo disc production.
Please note that errors specified in notes 1 to 9 are automatic failure bugs. Errors
specified in notes 10 to 15 are not automatic failure bugs but may delay or prevent a
demo being used.


1. Demo is not a bootstrap segment.
In other words, it was created without reference to the technical spec.
These cases are hopeless. There is nothing we can do with them. The 'Technical
Specification for European Demo Disc Segments' is available in English and Japanese.
All licensed developers have access to it from their developer CD-Roms. They can also
download copies from the Developer Support web-site.


2. Incorrect or no quit method.
This is a common flaw in Japanese demos since the Japanese spec requires a different
quit method in which the demo code soft resets the console.


3. Demo is not contained in its own directory.
This makes it more difficult to set up our final disc and may cause the disc to exceed
the PS limit of 40 directories or files in the root.


4. No time-out to bootstrap and/or rolling mode.
This prevents the demo from being used in the attract mode of the demo disc.


5. DA and/or str files have been interlaced, and no PC format source disc is provided.
Stream and music files on PS format discs are interleaved and can't be copied off the CD.


6. Technical Reference Checklist bugs (Standards violations).
All demos must obey the same TRC list of correct names and logo usage, the same as any
other PlayStation software.


7. TRC bugs. (Functionality violations).
A common one is the use of memory card. You are not allowed to include fucntioning memory
card code in a demo. Another common one is to provide Dual Shock support with no way of
switching it off.


8. The music track is fixed (usually to track 2).
We need to be able to set the music track for each demo on our final disc. We have received
some segments where the argument to allow us to set the music track is present but inactive.
Sometimes the demo will play one track higher than the track it is set to; e.g. we set the
demo to play track 2 but it plays track 3. This is annoying and wastes time and test discs.


9. The music track is not set via the correct variable.
This usually causes the demo to seek for the first XA track on the CD and play this and
subsequent tracks. In other words it hijacks other publishers' music tracks. This may causes
annoyance to the other publishers.
Details on how to set the XA track variable are in the technical specification.


10. American style demo.
American style demos are often set to work using particular sectors of the CD. Not only is
this difficult for our programmer to find out if there are no specific instructions with the
demo, but also if there are two such demos on the same disc, they may overlap.


11. No set-up information (e.g. CCS file) provided.
It should be obvious that this makes it harder or impossible for our programmer to work out
how the demo is supposed to be set up for our multiple-title CD.


12. Too big.
40MB is the advised limit. Demos larger than this are less likely to be fitted on to cover
discs, especially if they are really big. Please ask if you want more space. The same limit
applies to video clips (allow 22MB per minute of compressed stream video).


13. Demo is sent to the 3rd Party Relations Department as a demo submission.
Two different sections within SCEE Internal Development deal with demo submissions. The Special
Projects section deals with Official PlayStation Magazine (OPSM) demo discs. The 3rd Party
Relations Department deals with publishers' own demo disc submissions. If demos intended for
use on the OPSM are sent to the 3rd Party Relations in the correct manner for a publisher's
demo submission - i.e. they have a demo product code, 8 gold discs and the Demo Submission
form - they are dealt with as stand-alone demo submissions, because there is no way to tell
that they aren't.
All demos for the OPSM should be sent to Davinder Jalaf, marked OPSM Demo, using the submission
guidelines found in the Technical Specification for European Demo Disc Segments.


14. No button codes (control codes) information supplied.
This makes it more difficult to test a demo properly.


15. No producer contact details supplied.
This makes it more difficult to get bugs fixed if there are any.