E_FAQ.txt

Frequently Asked Questions

These are the questions we are most often asked by developers preparing a demo segment
for OPSM submission.

1. What size can I make my demo?
I recommend 40MB maximum - this should include any music or SFX held as XA or CD-DA.
The reason for this is that the demo disc holds a maximum of 600MB or data (taking into
account our own requirements). We usually put a maximum of 12 items on it;
12*40 = 480MB, apparently no problem BUT lots of publishers want to use larger demos.
I therefore advise people that they can go above 40MB but it may prevent us from using
their demo depending on the other content of the disc. As we make a variety of discs with
different combinations of demos on them, we are unable to say in advance how full a
particular disc may be.

2. How long can I make my video clips?
40MB corresponds to a bit under 2 minutes after the movie has been compressed using MovConv
(compression software for PlayStation). I recommend 100 seconds as a suitable time limit.
As with demo size limits, you can go above this but the larger you go the greater the chance
of not being able to fit the demo on a particular disc.

3. What format should I use for video clips?
As a developer, you have access to MovConv and can produce Stream files, therefore we prefer
to receive these on gold CDs. Please note that you should provide a non-interleaved data disc
as well as a bootable disc.

4. What is the best resolution for video on PlayStation?
320*256 pixels, 25 fps, 24-bit colour, 44KHz 16-bit audio will provide the best quality when
compressing for PlayStation. Lower resolutions can be used depending on the subject matter.

5. Why do I have to supply a bootable disc?
Firstly, this is a check that your demo is compatible with the OPSM bootstrap code.
Secondly, the disc will be sent to QA for immediate test, and bugs will be sent back to you.

6. Why do I have to provide a PC format data disc? (Non-interleaved disc)
There are two reasons. The main one is that PS discs have video and audio interleaved in
the XA format. Since PCs cannot read XA, it is impossible to copy the data off the PS disc
and use it to assemble a different disc. The second reason is that it gives us a back-up
archive of the demo for possible future use. Demo segments are frequently used on several
different discs.

7. How do I make a PC format data disc?
Simply use the same CCS file that was used to create the PS disc but set the data type of
any XA files to be not XA.

8. I need a product code for my game. How can I get one?
Product codes are assigned by the 3rd Party Relations department when a product proposal is
approved for publication. Only licensed publishers can make product publication proposals.