Policy.txt

SCEE's OPSM Department Policies

Please take note of the following policies we follow in dealing with publishers' OPSM demos.


Production of demo discs for 3rd parties.

SCEE does not produce demos for 3rd parties.
Publishers and developers are welcome to make their own discs using the demo bootstrap
(supplied to all licensed developers) and their own menu system. If they are not
capable of doing this work in house, they are advised to contact Chester Square of Bristol,
which offers a commercial demo disc building service.


Copying of demo segment code.

Upon written request Special Projects will copy a publisher's demo code held by us
and forward it by overnight courier. The cost of this service is £250 per item (separate demo).
It will be charged to the 3rd party's DADC account to save on paperwork. If there are
schedule conflicts between 1st or 2nd party work and this service, the 1st/2nd party work
will take precedence.
Publishers and Developers are reminded that they are required by their licence agreements
to keep back-up copies of all code submitted to SCEE.


Withholding demos from particular countries.

Publishers sometimes request us to inform them which discs we plan to put their demos on.
Our standard policy is that publishers must assume we will put their demo on every available
disc, unless we are informed otherwise. We are happy to accept written notification in
advance of discs which publishers do not want demos to be placed on.
Publishers are always welcome to contact their account managers for information on use of
their demo segments.
Please note that demo discs produced for Future Publishing are also distributed in Greece,
Italy, Spain, Norway, Belgium, Russia, Australia and other countries, therefore a demo
which must be withheld from one of these countries must also be withheld from the UK.


Testing demo segments

Monthly deadlines included in this information pack indicate when clean code is required
to be included on each month's discs. The first set of code is often buggy and requires
corrections, so please allow extra time in your development schedule to account for demo
production. Please note that, due to variation of operational loads, we cannot guarantee
to test demo segments within any specified time, though we will of course do our best.


Demo test approval

Demo segments have to be tested separately by QA and by Special Projects.
Approval from one group or the other does not constitute final approval of the demo.
You can get information from your account manager about the progress of your demo through
our test procedures.


Demo disc track lists

Due to the variation of operational loads, we cannot guarantee to place segments on the
desired discs, although we of course do our best to satisfy publishers' requirements.
We cannot guarantee the exact track list of a demo disc until final approval is received
from QA.


Product Code Requirement

We are only allowed to publish demos of games which have received approval for publication
from our 3rd Party Relations Department. These games have product codes. We therefore request
developers/publishers to inform us of the product code for their game when sending in the demo.
The reason for this rule is that we do not want to mislead consumers by publishing details
of products which may not be released in Europe.