Welcome to the SCEE OPSM (Official PlayStation Magazine) Demo Disc Programme.

The directories you have de-archived from SCEEOPME.ZIP include the technical
specifications and software you will need to rebuild your program for use in
the OPSM demo disc.

Experience shows that this can usually be accomplished
in one man-week, and is not very difficult. However, if you have problems,
please contact SCEE Developer Support through email, phone or the website.


Index of the Technical Specification.

There are 6 directories within Demo:

Docs:		Documents in MS Word 97 (.doc) and Text (.txt) format
		describing how and why the playable game segments should be
		constructed and submitted to SCEE.

		These documents will be made available in the following languages:
		English		Files marked with prefix 'E_'
		Japanese	Files marked with prefix 'J_'
		French		Files marked with prefix 'F_'

		OPSM.txt: 	Information on the OPSM demo discs produced by SCEE.

		Intro.txt: 	A short introduction to the preparation of
				demo segments for OPSM demo discs.
		
		Demo.txt	Full technical specification for SCEE's 
				OPSM demo disc segments.
		
		FAQ.txt: 	Answers to the questions most frequently asked by
				developers and publishers.
		
		Errors.txt: 	The most common mistakes made by developers and
				publishers in their demo submissions.

		Check.txt	Submission checklist for when you need to send your
				demo segment to SCEE.

Bs:             Bootstrap program source, and a readme. 
                This boots the machine, and will load and run your program 
                under the conditions it will have on the demo disk.

None2:          This directory contains a reworking of the SCEI none2.obj,
                which is a replacement for libsn.lib, allowing your program
                to return to the calling program (ie bs.exe) properly.
                This version includes the libsn variables __heapbase et al.

Setsp:          This directory contains 2 PC utilities for working with
                PlayStation .EXE files - dumpexe, which dumps the information
                from the XF_HDR info at the start of an EXE file, and setsp,
                which can be used to set the correct stack pointer in a
                PlayStation .EXE file (as the cpe2x converter does not, and
                the demo disk needs to know where the stack goes).

Example:        This directory has an example program which runs under bs.exe,
                and shows how to retrieve arguments from the parent, and set
                up and close down the various subsystems without breaking
                anything.

CodeWar.zip	This archive holds an example of a bootstrap demo built using
		CodeWarrior for Macintosh.

IMPORTANT:
----------
1: Please make sure you are using the latest version of the specification.

2: Read the Intro.txt for a short explanation of the reasoning behind this
method of building demo segments.

3: The FAQ.txt and Errors.txt contain useful information on common problems
in demo segment preparation and submission.

This ZIP was updated by Richard Milner, producer of special projects,
on 22nd Dec 1998. Previously updated by Alan Murphy in 1995 and Vince Diesi in 1996.